# Best-Acoustic-Guitar-for-You
<p>In buying the&nbsp;<a class="external" href="https://best-of-acoustic-guitar.blogspot.com/2020/01/best-choice-products-41in-full-size.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">best acoustic guitar</a>, price, quality, brand, and knowledge about the history of guitars and who makes them matters very much. To get straight to the point I'll tell you what brands to buy and whatnot. First of all, you have to determine what kind of player you are. Whether you are only a beginner, intermediate, or expert. Well, I assume that I am writing for beginners and possibly intermediates because I am pretty sure that an expert guitarist would surely know what kind of guitar to buy. If you are an intermediate you should probably consider a "cheap" guitar as for the next month-years you will need to learn the concept of playing the guitar itself.</p>
<p>You won't be to focus on the "beauty" of the sound. For beginners, I would recommend those cheap Ibanez, Yamaha, or Spectrum guitars. I, in particular, learned to play on a $60 Spectrum guitar. I still have this guitar and often play it. But as I advanced into higher levels of guitar playing and joined a band, I had to find a better sounding guitar and my number one choice is Taylor. Gibson, Fender, and Martin are also good choices but Taylor is my favorite. It has such a beautifully clean, crisp sound, it seems that even if someone hasn&rsquo;t even held a guitar before in house life would sound good playing it.</p>
<p>Now, as I said, in the beginning, you HAVE to consider the price. You won't get anything good at a cheap price. So an average price of buying a Taylor, Fender Gibson, or Martin would be roughly around $1,500-$2,000. Now those would be some of the cheaper ones that these companies have. They also have guitars from $5,000-$10,000. But in my opinion, I do not see the point of buying a guitar for $10,000 as it will have almost the same sound as a $1,500 guitar. I'm that kind of person who wouldn't spend that kind of money on a guitar, so what you can do is visit sites like Craigslist.com but you would have to check the items around every 30 minutes for about a month to grab something worth buying because those kinds of guitars go really fast. Back to discussing the guitars themselves. As I already have said, I own a Taylor guitar that is worth around $2,000 new.</p>
<p>Taylor guitar has Grover tuning keys which are very good quality and hold the tune for a long time. I tune my guitar about once a month noting that I play it very often. The pickups are the Taylor Expression System which delivers a nice, clean, crisp sound. I also use this guitar with different kinds of distortions and it sounds amazing. To choose between buying a Taylor or a Gibson or Fender or Martin would be pretty hard. It would be like choosing between a Mercedes and a BMW. So the best brands of acoustic guitars are Taylor, Gibson, Fender, and Martin. In my opinion, two of the best brands of acoustic guitars are Taylor and Gibson. Oh, and by the way. Fender makes the best electric guitars. So if you are choosing to buy an acoustic guitar my advice would be either Taylor or Gibson. You won't be disappointed. That's for sure.</p>
